in an office, full of top tips to help you learn some useful business language which you
could use in the workplace.
In the next few minutes you can join me on an introductory tour around one of London's
biggest imitation plastic fruit manufacturers, called Tip Top Trading. We're going to hear
from some of the employees that work so hard to keep the business running smoothly.
So come on then! Let's step into the office and eavesdrop on Tip Top Trading's possible
newest recruit.  I say 'possible' because she is still being interviewed for the job of Sales
Executive…
Insert
Anna: Firstly, this job is an ideal match for my skills and experience: I've spent
several years working in sales and I get on with people easily. Well, I
mean, apart from the ones I don't like of course! Secondly, I know Tip Top
Trading is one of the fastest-growing companies in London, and I want to
be part of that.
Paul:  That's absolutely right. Tip Top Trading is the fastest-growing company in
the plastic fruits sector.
Well said, Anna! If she gets that job I'm sure she'll be an asset to the company.  The
decision is in the hands of Manager, Paul, who we heard there.  He's a nice guy really, a
little disorganised, but when things go wrong he's got to take charge…a bit like this…
Insert
Paul: Yesterday was not a great day. Two clients came in with serious
complaints. Mrs Kumquat received a delivery of imitation bananas that
were purple – not very convincing, and Mr Lime ordered grapefruits, but
got pineapples. Tom!
Tom: Yeah, listen...
Paul: Were you responsible for these errors?
Tom: Well... yes, but -
Paul: Look, mistakes happen. But it seems that Mrs Kumquat left our offices
even angrier than when she came in and she says she will never use Tip
Top Trading again!
Tom: I tried my best.
Paul: Hmmm.
Ah yes, Tom!  I hadn't warned you about Tom, one of the company's top Sales
Executives – he's good….
Insert
Tom: (on phone) Tom speaking. Yah! Frankie! So what's the latest, are we on?
…. but his interpersonal skills need working on. Listen to this!
Insert
Tom: My computer has crashed. I've lost my phone. And there's a big, BIG
problem with my timetable. I have two meetings scheduled at the same
time with two extremely important clients. I can't do them both at once!
See what I mean! Now, every office needs a good office assistant – and Tip Top Trading
is no exception. It's got Denise, who's there to assist, organise and sometimes make the
tea…..
Insert
Denise: Oh sorry excuse me, here's your tea Paul.
Paul:  Thanks Denise.
But goodness! She likes to talk…
Insert
Denise:  Really! 'Denise do this! Denise do that!' I'm telling you Sharon, I've almost
had enough! I get treated like I'm some kind of servant!
That's Denise! I think we'll just leave the office now and let them get on with their work
(DOOR CLOSES)
So that's Tip Top Trading. There are plenty of other people we'll meet along the way –
so go on – why don't you join me for English at Work from bbclearningenglish.com. See
ya!
Listening Challenge - Answer
What kind of company is Tip Top Trading?
Tip Top Trading is a plastic fruit manufacturer.