Narrator: Hello, welcome back to the offices of Citrus Ventures!
(broken computer + murmur of people at meeting, as proceedings have
been interrupted)
Anna's presentation to Mr Lime and his colleagues continues... Well,
almost! Her computer has jammed and the presentation, along with her
notes, are frozen.
Anna:   Oh no, this is terrible!
Narrator: Anna, you're going to have to manage without the slideshow or notes. Just
talk!
Anna:   Just talk! Just talk! You just talk! What on earth am I going to say? My
mind is blank.
Narrator: Try to remember the key points you wanted to share, and give them one
by one. If you can, give some facts that support each point. For example:
Tip Top Trading is growing fast – our number of clients doubled last year.
Use phrases like this:
The company has a strong track record of...
Let me share with you...
The Imperial Lemon's key strengths are...
Anna:   OK. Ahem!
(murmurs die down)
Sorry about that, I'll just have to continue talking without the slideshow.
So, ahem.... Tip Top Trading is growing fast – our number of clients
doubled last year.  This is because our company-
Narrator: Yes, but try not to bark out information like a robot. Look people in the
eye, slow down and try to be more conversational….oh, and smile!
Anna:   (more conversationally) Tip Top Trading is growing fast – our number of
clients doubled last year. This is because our company has a strong track
record of reliability and because, thanks to new technology, our fruits are
more and more convincing. Our bananas have won awards for being the
most authentic-looking fruits in Europe.
We are very happy that Citrus Ventures is already among our clients and
we hope to build on that by offering you more exciting new fruits.
Let me share with you our latest product: (sound of unzipping of a bag)
the Imperial Lemon.
(impressed murmur from the audience)
The Imperial Lemon's key strengths are its design and flexibility. It is
made with revolutionary faux-orange-premium, laser-curve-definition
technology... (fade out)
Narrator: What an excellent performance from Anna. She focussed on some key
points, supported them with facts and structured her answer clearly. She
also managed to relax and sound more natural. She used these phrases:
The company has a strong track record of...
Let me share with you...
The Imperial Lemon's key strengths are...
Let's fast-forward to after the meeting to see if she gets an order.
Anna: …so thank you for your time, I hope you're impressed with our Imperial
Lemon.
Mr Lime: Fantastic Anna, fantastic!
Anna:   Thank you.
Mr Lime: Those... lemons – wow. I'd like to put in an order for three hundred
thousand right away.
Anna:   Of course.
Mr Lime: Now, what's your direct phone number?
Narrator: Good work. Although, I must say, Mr Lime seems just as excited about
Anna as he is about the lemons. Hmm....watch out Anna! Until next time!
• Listening Challenge
Question: What does Anna say are the key strengths of the Imperial Lemon?
Answer: Its design and flexibility.